Update the main repository to include the pipeline run ID (#3883)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/operators/metrics.md

|Field|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|:-|
|`pipeline_id`|`string`|The ID of the pipeline where the associated operator is from.|

> |`run`|`uint64`|A unique identifier for the run the associated metric is from.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`run`|`uint64`|The number of the run, starting at 1 for the first run.|
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.
